# Does it NEED to be a PWA?

There is a lot of talk about Progressive Web Apps these days, but what apps actually need to be progressive? Maybe users don't NEED a push notification every time you post a picture of your pet. Maybe users will be fine WITHOUT having offline access to their list of favorite recipes. Let's talk about what kind of apps can really be benefited by the advancements of modern web technologies and in the end walk through how to spin one up.

## Extra Notes
Progressive Web Apps use today's modern web technologies like the service worker API and the manifest.json file to give user's a better experience. This mostly focuses on user's accessing their app using a mobile phone because practically everyone is using their phones to access the web and in some cases that is the only way they are doing so. These technologies help users gain access to app content independent of the strength or existence of their network and let's the app connect to the user whether or not they have the app open, thanks to service workers. The question I want to address in this session is whether or not these advantages are, in fact, advantageous to the users of your app. In talking about each of the benefits Progressive Web Apps bring to users we will talk about different scenarios of when this would be beneficial and when it may be overkill. There has been talk on the twittersphere of why people would make their blogs PWAs, do people really need a push notification every time you make a new post? Probably not. If your app lists housing properties in an area that is in high demand and one just came on the market that matches your user's criteria, I believe they would want you to let them know ASAP. After discussing these aspects, we'll step through the code of how to create a useful PWA using the Angular CLI and Workbox.

### Attendee Takeaways
The attendees will gain a better understanding of PWAs to help the with the planning their next steps for their web apps. They will also have a code base to reference if they choose to make a Vue PWA plus the list of steps for creating one with Angular and React.
