# ES2019 Features: What Even Are They?

## Abstract
Thankfully, every year ECMAScript gives us new shinies to advance how we code JavaScript. I've found myself digging into features & proposals ever since my curiosity of ES2017's `SharedArrayBuffer` took me down a fascinating rabbit hole. Let's delve into some of the features & proposals we get to look forward to in 2019.


## Longer Description
I find a lot of joy in looking into the technical intricacies of the language we use on a daily basis; breaking it down into bite-size, consumable brain treats. Each new feature set of ECMAScript gives me the opportunity to take another deep-dive into JavaScript. Investigating what lead to these features being needed and digging into what we can now do thanks to the new code. 

It can be easy to get excited about a new feature and jump right into using it in our code (especially since browsers and implementing the changes faster 👍👍). Yet, understanding the journey to these features and their details can help you get the most out of features and gain some appreciation for the language that's helped so many of us build our projects.

## Extra Information
There are already two features that are planned for ES2019 (Optional `catch` binding and JSON superset), but I've started keeping a close eye on Stage 3 proposals that may be released for ES2019. I would be sure to mention each feature but really look deep into the cool ones :)

I'll review my data with members of TC39 & Dr. Axel Rauschmayer.

I find a lot of joy in looking into the technical intricacies of these parts of our language and breaking it down into bite-size, consumable brain treats.

## Audience
Users of JavaScript
